Privacy policyUpdatedApril 27, 2023We at OpenAI OpCo, LLC (together with our affiliates, “OpenAI”, “we”, “our” or “us”) respect your privacy and are strongly committed to keeping secure any information we obtain from you or about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices with respect to Personal Information we collect from or about you when you use our website and services (collectively, “Services”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to content that we process on behalf of customers of our business offerings, such as our API. Our use of that data is governed by our customer agreements covering access to and use of those offerings.For information about how we collect and use training information to develop our language models that power ChatGPT and other Services, and your choices with respect to that information, please see this help center article.1. Personal information we collectWe collect information that alone or in combination with other information in our possession could be used to identify you (“Personal Information”) as follows:Personal Information You Provide: We may collect Personal Information if you create an account to use our Services or communicate with us as follows:Account Information: When you create an account with us, we will collect information associated with your account, including your name, contact information, account credentials, payment card information, and transaction history, (collectively, “Account Information”).User Content: When you use our Services, we may collect Personal Information that is included in the input, file uploads, or feedback that you provide to our Services (“Content”). Communication Information: If you communicate with us, we may collect your name, contact information, and the contents of any messages you send (“Communication Information”).Social Media Information: We have pages on social media sites like Instagram, Facebook, Medium, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn. When you interact with our social media pages, we will collect Personal Information that you elect to provide to us, such as your contact details (collectively, “Social Information”). In addition, the companies that host our social media pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics about our social media activity.Personal Information We Receive Automatically From Your Use of the Services: When you visit, use, and interact with the Services, we may receive the following information about your visit, use, or interactions (“Technical Information”):Log Data: Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you use our website (“log data”). Log data includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with our website.Usage Data: We may automatically collect information about your use of the Services, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use and the actions you take, as well as your time zone, country, the dates and times of access, user agent and version, type of computer or mobile device, computer connection, IP address, and the like.Device Information: Includes name of the device, operating system, and browser you are using. Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings.Cookies: We use cookies to operate and administer our Services, and improve your experience on it. A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject all cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it. However, refusing a cookie may in some cases preclude you from using, or negatively affect the display or function of, a website or certain areas or features of a website. For more details on cookies please visit All About Cookies.Analytics: We may use a variety of online analytics products that use cookies to help us analyze how users use our Services and enhance your experience when you use the Services.2. How we use personal informationWe may use Personal Information for the following purposes:To provide, administer, maintain and/or analyze the Services;To improve our Services and conduct research;To communicate with you;To develop new programs and services;To prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses of our Services, and to ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture, and networks; andTo comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or other third parties.Aggregated or De-Identified Information. We may aggregate or de-identify Personal Information and use the aggregated information to analyze the effectiveness of our Services, to improve and add features to our Services, to conduct research and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Services and share aggregated information like general user statistics with third parties, publish such aggregated information or make such aggregated information generally available. We may collect aggregated information through the Services, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy. We will maintain and use de-identified information in anonymous or de-identified form and we will not attempt to reidentify the information.As noted above, we may use Content you provide us to improve our Services, for example to train the models that power ChatGPT. See here for instructions on how you can opt out of our use of your Content to train our models.3. Disclosure of personal informationIn certain circumstances we may provide your Personal Information to third parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law:Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may provide Personal Information to vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting services, cloud services, and other information technology services providers, event management services, email communication software and email newsletter services, and web analytics services. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process, or store Personal Information only in the course of performing their duties to us.Business Transfers: If we are involved in strategic transactions, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, or transition of service to another provider (collectively a “Transaction”), your Personal Information and other information may be disclosed in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.Legal Requirements: If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services, or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.Affiliates: We may disclose Personal Information to our affiliates, meaning an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with OpenAI. Our affiliates may use the Personal Information we share in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.4. Your rightsDepending on location, individuals in the EEA, the UK, and across the globe may have certain statutory rights in relation to their Personal Information. For example, you may have the right to:Access your Personal Information.Delete your Personal Information.Correct or update your Personal Information.Transfer your Personal Information elsewhere.Withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Information where we rely on consent as the legal basis for processing.Object to or restrict the processing of your Personal Information where we rely on legitimate interests as the legal basis for processing.You can exercise some of these rights through your OpenAI account. If you are unable to exercise your rights through your account, please send your request to dsar@openai.com.A note about accuracy: Services like ChatGPT generate responses by reading a user’s request and then predicting the next most likely words that might appear in response. In some cases, the most likely next words may not be the most factually accurate ones. For this reason, you should not rely on the factual accuracy of output from our models. If you notice that ChatGPT output contains factually inaccurate personal information about you and you would like us to correct the inaccuracy, you may submit a correction request to dsar@openai.com. Given the technical complexity of how our models work, we may not be able to correct the inaccuracy. In that case, you may request that we remove your personal information from ChatGPT’s output by filling out this form.For information on how to exercise your rights with respect to data we have collected from the internet to train our models, please see this help center article.5. California privacy rightsThe following table provides additional information about how we disclose Personal Information. You can read more about the Personal Information we collect in “Personal information we collect” above, how we use Personal information in “How we use personal information” above, and how we retain personal information in “Security and Retention” below.Category of Personal InformationDisclosure of Personal InformationIdentifiers, such as your contact detailsWe disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions.Commercial Information, such as your transaction historyWe disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions.Network Activity Information, such as Content and how you interact with our ServicesWe disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions.Geolocation DataWe disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions.Your account login credentials (Sensitive Personal Information)We disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions.To the extent provided for by law and subject to applicable exceptions, California residents have the following privacy rights in relation to their Personal Information:The right to know information about our processing of your Personal Information, including the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected from you;The right to request deletion of your Personal Information;The right to correct your Personal Information; andThe right to be free from discrimination relating to the exercise of any of your privacy rights.We don’t sell or share Personal Information as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act. We also don’t process sensitive personal information for the purposes of inferring characteristics about a consumer.Exercising Your Rights. California residents can exercise their CCPA privacy rights by sending their request to dsar@openai.com.Verification. In order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, change, or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a request to know, correct, or delete Personal Information. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity, we may ask you to provide additional Personal Information and proof of residency for verification. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not provide, correct, or delete your Personal Information.Authorized Agents. You may submit a rights request through an authorized agent. If you do so, the agent must present signed written permission to act on your behalf and you may also be required to independently verify your identity and submit proof of your residency with us. Authorized agent requests can be submitted to dsar@openai.com.6. ChildrenOur Service is not directed to children who are under the age of 13. OpenAI does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to OpenAI through the Service please email us at legal@openai.com. We will investigate any notification and if appropriate, delete the Personal Information from our systems. If you are 13 or older, but under 18, you must have consent from your parent or guardian to use our Services.7. Links to other websitesThe Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by OpenAI, including social media services (“Third Party Sites”). The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. Please contact the Third Party Sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.8. Security and RetentionWe implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect Personal Information both online and offline from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from us may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Service or email. In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third party websites.We’ll retain your Personal Information for only as long as we need in order to provide our Service to you, or for other legitimate business purposes such as resolving disputes, safety and security reasons, or complying with our legal obligations. How long we retain Personal Information will depend on a number of factors, such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, our purpose for processing the information, and any legal requirements.We may also anonymize or de-identify your Personal Information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, as described above, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.9. International usersBy using our Service, you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Information will be transferred from your location to our facilities and servers in the United States.For EEA, UK or Swiss users:Legal Basis for Processing. Our legal bases for processing your Personal Information include:Performance of a contract with you when we provide and maintain our Services. When we process Account Information, Content, and Technical Information solely to provide our Services to you, this information is necessary to be able to provide our Services. If you do not provide this information, we may not be able to provide our Services to you. Our legitimate interests in protecting our Services from abuse, fraud, or security risks, or in developing, improving, or promoting our Services, including when we train our models. This may include the processing of Account Information, Content, Social Information, and Technical Information. See here for instructions on how you can opt out of our use of your information to train our models.Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your Personal Information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.Compliance with our legal obligations when we use your Personal Information to comply with applicable law or when we protect our or our affiliates’, users’, or third parties’ rights, safety, and property.EEA and UK Representative. We’ve appointed VeraSafe as our representative in the EEA and UK for data protection matters. You can contact VeraSafe in matters related to Personal Information processing using this contact form. Alternatively: For users in the EEA, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe Ireland Ltd, Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road, Cork T23AT2P, Ireland.For users in the UK, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd., 37 Albert Embankment, London SE1 7TL, United Kingdom.If you feel we have not adequately addressed an issue, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.Data Transfers. Where required, we will use appropriate safeguards for transferring Personal Information outside of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. We will only transfer Personal Information pursuant to a legally valid transfer mechanism.Data Controller. For the purposes of the UK and EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018, our data controller is OpenAI OpCo, LLC at 3180 18th Street, San Francisco, CA, United States.10. Changes to the privacy policyWe may change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by applicable law. By continuing to use our Service or providing us with Personal Information after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you by other means, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy.11. How to contact usPlease contact support if you have any questions or concerns not already addressed in this Privacy Policy.

-----



At [Company Name], we value your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information. This privacy policy governs the collection, usage, sharing, retention, and your rights concerning your data when you use our software product. Please read this policy carefully as it explains how we handle your data and the choices you have regarding its use.

When you use our software product, we may collect various types of data from you. This includes personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, and contact details. We may also collect non-personally identifiable information, including your device information, IP address, and usage statistics. Additionally, we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect data about your interactions with our product.

We may use the collected data to improve our software product and provide you with a personalized experience. This may involve analyzing your usage patterns, preferences, and feedback to enhance our features and functionality. Furthermore, we may use your data to communicate with you, respond to your inquiries, and provide customer support.

We understand the importance of keeping your data confidential. However, in certain circumstances, we may need to share your data with third parties. This includes trusted service providers who assist us in operating our product or conducting business activities. We may also disclose your information if required by law, to protect our rights or the rights of others, or in the event of a merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy.

We will retain your data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. The exact retention period may vary depending on the type of data and the legal requirements applicable to us. Once the data is no longer needed, we will take reasonable steps to securely dispose of or anonymize it to prevent unauthorized access.

As a user of our software product, you have certain rights regarding your personal data. These rights may include the right to access, correct, or delete your data, as well as the right to restrict or object to its processing. You may also have the right to data portability and the right to withdraw your consent, where applicable. To exercise these rights, please contact us using the information provided at the end of this privacy policy.

We take appropriate measures to protect your data from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. However, no security measure is completely foolproof, and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.

By using our software product, you consent to the collection, usage, sharing, and retention of your data as described in this privacy policy. We may update this policy from time to time, and any changes will be effective upon posting the revised version on our website.

If you have any questions, concerns, or requests regarding this privacy policy or the handling of your data, please contact our privacy team at [Contact Information].

Thank you for taking the time to review our privacy policy. We appreciate your trust in [Company Name] and strive to protect your privacy while providing you with a valuable software product.



-----



We, as the data controllers, hereby gather and process personal data about you as part of your interaction with our esteemed software product. This includes, but is not limited to, capturing your full name, email address, telephone number, and various other contact particulars. Additionally, we may duly document information pertaining to your utilization of our software product, encompassing the specific features employed, web pages accessed, and the duration of your visitation on our website.

The primary purpose for acquiring and analyzing the aforementioned data is to furnish and enhance the functionality and performance of our distinguished software product. We may, furthermore, employ your personal information to initiate communication with you regarding our extensive range of prodigious products and exceptional services. Be advised that we retain the information you provide for as long as you continue to avail yourself of our remarkable software product. In certain circumstances, we may prolong the retention period in accordance with legal obligations imposed upon us.

In line with our unwavering commitment to safeguarding your privacy, we extend to you an array of entitlements. These entitlements include, but are not limited to, accessing, rectifying, or erasing your personal information as deemed necessary. Additionally, you possess the liberty to opt out of receiving our awe-inspiring marketing communications at your own discretion. For the purpose of exercising your aforementioned rights, please establish contact with our indefatigable team of experts through the following email address: [email protected]

To mitigate the perils of unauthorized access, utilization, or dissemination of your esteemed personal information, we have implemented a series of comprehensive security measures. These encompass the utilization of fortified servers and cutting-edge encryption technology, which afford the utmost protection to your personal data.

By proceeding to avail yourself of our unrivaled software product, you thereby manifest your unequivocal acceptance of and adherence to this protracted privacy policy. Should you find yourself grappling with any inquiries, ambiguities, or concerns regarding the intricacies of our privacy policy, we warmly encourage you to contact our esteemed team of professionals at [email protected]